docs: add explanation of flags type (#1921)
google/syzkaller: docs/syscall_descriptions.md

fields, etc. For syscall variants, use the command name after the `$` sign.
For example, `fcntl$F_GET_RW_HINT`, `ioctl$FIOCLEX`, `setsockopt$SO_TIMESTAMP`.

If you need to describe several variants of the same kernel struct, the naming

> convention understood by `syz-check` is `<ORIGINAL_KERNEL_NAME>_some_suffix`.

Author: That's what we use now.
But maybe we should switch to <ORIGINAL_KERNEL_NAME>$some_suffix as we do for syscalls?...

Reviewer: If you choose '$', it needs to be emphasized that '$' has no semantic meaning, as otherwise it'll add to confusion.

Note: some values for flags may be undocumented only as an oversight. These values should be added to descriptions.

<div id="flags"/>

### Flags/enums

> The `flags` type is used for all of:

Author: Maybe the name "flags" is the source of confusion? Is there a better name for just any set of values? "enum" matches C terminology, which is good, but doesn't it have the opposite meaning skew ("one of")?...

>  - sets of mutually exclusive values, where only one of them should be chosen (a-la C enum)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - sets of mutually exclusive values, where only one of them should be chosen (like C enum);
```

>  - sets of bit flags, where multiple values can be combined with bitwise or (a-la mmap flags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - sets of bit flags, where multiple values can be combined with bitwise OR (like mmap flags);
```

>  - any combinations of the above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - any combination of the above.
```

> The fuzzer has logic to distinguish enums vs bit flags and generates values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fuzzer has logic to distinguish enums and bit flags, and generates values
```
